feat: blog about html-eslint (#726)
eslint/eslint.org: src/_includes/partials/author_bios/yeonjuan.md

> @eslint team alumnus. Passionate about JavaScript-based developer tools.

Reviewer: Just to double-check, would you like to expand your bio here? This is pulled from GitHub but you can definitely add more information if you'd like.

> Yeon Juan is a software developer at [LINE Plus](https://www.linepluscorp.com/) and a @eslint team alumnus. I'm passionate about building JavaScript-based developer tools that improve code quality and the developer experience.

Reviewer: Just to keep it in the third person.
```suggestion
Yeon Juan is a software developer at [LINE Plus](https://www.linepluscorp.com/) and an ESLint team alumnus. He is passionate about building JavaScript-based developer tools that improve code quality and the developer experience.
```
